squat checklist if you take all five you
have a perfect squat first check bar
placement for a high bar squat place the
bar on your upper traps this will Target
slightly more quads for a low bar squat
shift the bar Down 2 or 3 in this will
Target slightly more glutes and low back
second an efficient walk out don't take
too many steps that's just wasted energy
instead take one step to clear the rack
a second step to match the other foot
and a third adjustment step if you need
to get them even third stance width
narrow and wide stances both work but
for most people just outside shoulder
width with slightly flared toes is best
fourth depth try to break parallel for
the best gains but cutting depth a bit
shy won't kill your gains for
powerlifting you do need to get your hip
crease below your knee joint for the
lift to count squat shoes and Ankle
Mobility drills dropping the weight back
can help you get deeper fifth a good bar
path ideally the bar should travel in a
straight line centered over the middle
of your foot if it shifts a bit that's
okay try to keep it in Balance the best
you can now you have my